feat(core): add env variable to support pg schema (#4888)
botpress/botpress: docs/guide/docs/infrastructure/database.md

## How to switch from SQLite to PostgresSQL

First, make sure you're running PostgreSQL 9.5+ and create your database before starting Botpress.

Once your database is created the only thing Botpress needs is a [standard PG connection string](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/libpq-connect.html#LIBPQ-CONNSTRING) configured in the `DATABASE_URL` environment variables.

- `DATABASE_URL=postgres://login:password@your-db-host.com:5432/your-db-name`.

If you want to use the default PostgresSQL connection string, set it as follows:

- `DATABASE_URL=postgres`.

While using PostgresSQL, you can configure the Connection Pools by using the `DATABASE_POOL` environment variable. For detailed options please refer to [tarn.js](https://github.com/vincit/tarn.js) for all configuration options. You must enter valid json. Example:

`DATABASE_POOL={"min": 3, "max": 10}`

You can also set the PostgreSQL Schema Search Path for every database connection (official pg doc [here](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/ddl-schemas.html#DDL-SCHEMAS-PATH)) by setting the `DATABASE_PG_SEARCH_PATH` environment variable.

- `DATABASE_PG_SEARCH_PATH=mySchema`

> This will be the equivalent of using the following SQL statement `SET search_path to mySchema`. This feature requires you to create the schema prior to setting it. More oever, although it's not recommended, you can set multiple search path using a comma sperated value syntax as you would do using the sql statement. Use multiple search path only if you know what you're doing. The default search path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will be the equivalent of using the following SQL statement `SET search_path to mySchema`. This feature requires you to create the schema prior to setting it. Moreover, although it's not recommended, you can set multiple search path using a comma sperated value syntax as you would do using the sql statement. Use multiple search path only if you know what you're doing. The default search path
```

Reviewer: `The default search path ...` ?

> If you don't want to type those variables each time you start Botpress, we also support `.env` files. Check out our [configuration section](../advanced/configuration) for more information about that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't want to type these variables each time you start Botpress, we also support `.env` files. Check out our [configuration section](../advanced/configuration) for more information.
```
